Updated VE prerequisites (#7008)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_visual-editor-prerequisites.md

    - You can access the Visual Editor with adapters not listed, but some features may be missing at this time. 
- Have an existing dbt Cloud project already created with a Production run completed.
- Verify your Development environment is on a supported [release track](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks) to receive ongoing updates.

> - You must have read-only access to the [Staging environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#staging-environment) with the data to be able to execute "run" in the visual editor. To customize the required role for the visual editor, refer to [Set up environment-level permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/environment-permissions-setup) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must have read-only access to the [Staging environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#staging-environment) with the data to be able to execute `run` in the Visual Editor. To customize the required access for the Visual Editor user group, refer to [Set up environment-level permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/environment-permissions-setup) for more information.
```
